# About the Cover

The artwork on the cover of this book, and that interspersed amongst its pages, is by *Cowboys & Beans* house artist Vigdís Ljósadóttir, a construct of style and aesthetic so compelling she got her own origin story. Vigdís is an Icelandic painter whose mother is a mathemticaian, botanist, creator of agent-based systems, Lisp programmer, and actor in a community theatre troupe. Her father is a physicist, scifi nut, 1970s progressive rock fan, and part-time stage manager in said community theatre troupe. Vigdís discovered her love of colour and light early in life, gazing upon the waters, stones, and space around Iceland during its long summer days and longer winter nights. She has her father's love of scifi and 70s prog rock, and her mother's love of botany to thank for most of of the subject matter that pushes her to stand in front of the easel.

Vigdís' first project for *Cowboys & Beans* was the cover of a scifi novel. They loved her work so much, she was asked to paint for the author's various and related world-building projects, and thanks to this work ultimately decided that the novel would, in a certain sense, be illustrated. When *Open Tone Harmony* was cleared for publishing, she was contacted for this book as her third project for C&B. We chose her perfect piece for the cover, but suspect (as with her other projects for C&B), more will make their way into the pages between the covers. The rest will soon be included in her yet-to-be released online gallery and exhibition site.
